# G5 - CXO Level
###### Engineering Career Ladder
**※ Equivalent to executive positions such as CTO, VPoE, etc.**

 * [Commending Bold Challenges](#commending-bold-challenges)
 * [Vision](#vision)
 * [Focus on the Mission](#focus-on-the-mission)
 * [Teamwork](#teamwork)
 * [Professionalism](#professionalism)
 * [Continued Learning](#continued-learning)
 * [Move Fast for Engineers](#move-fast-for-engineers)

## Commending Bold Challenges
**Creates innovative solutions that impact the product and the entire organization. Comes up with unprecedented ideas in specific areas and drives transformation with new products or features.**

**Encourages everyone in the company to act without fear of risks, trying something first and having the result inform the next decision. Promotes a culture of learning from failure.**

**Exerts wide influence throughout the company, communicates the importance of taking action even in new and difficult situations, and leads the way in taking on new challenges. Contributes to creating an environment that encourages engineers to step out of their comfort zones.**

### [Engineering Manager Skills]

Identifies issues across the entire company and thinks of and implements methods to drive solutions.

Influences the setting of challenging company goals to solve organizational issues, and accelerates the company's performance while taking into account the situation of the whole organization.

Helps foster a culture that welcomes new challenges without fear of failure across the company.


## Vision
**Thinks about what actions the company should take in order to achieve the company's goals and encourages teams and projects to execute them.**

**Works to enable the cooperation of engineers in the company toward achieving goals such as by leading engineers in a way that ensures they understand and agree on the company's organizational strategy.**

**Investigates and proposes ways to improve development efficiency and practices at the company level; Leads the implementation of improvements & best practices across the company.**

### [Engineering Manager Skills]

Sets goals and roadmaps for the company and helps other EMs and leaders to understand the strategy and set their own goals.

Works with engineering leaders and comes up with major strategies for the future.

Encourages the entire company to conduct failure analysis focused on the process, not on individuals, and contributes to fostering a culture of psychological safety.


## Focus on the Mission
**Participates in deciding technical policies and specifications involving the entire product and enhances the value of the product in company-level development. Leads the achievement of business goals with a long-term view of value enhancement.**

**Deeply understands the product and business strategies, and actively participates in examining the interactions and roles between domains, while keeping in mind the impact on the market and the achievement of business goals. Recognized by those around them as an expert in domain knowledge.**

**Possesses strong skills and experience to boost productivity in the long term and helps increase productivity across the company by leveraging and sharing that knowledge with others.**

### [Engineering Manager Skills]

Comprehends and promotes understanding of work and business decisions made across the company and how they might impact value delivery to end users.

Helps other EMs with quality management across the company. Implements cross-company practices to continuously deliver business value while maintaining or increasing quality.

In company-level development, achieves greater results by considering the balance between results and costs.


## Teamwork
**Encourages other engineers within the company to grow through praise and constructive feedback, and acts as a role model for delivering effective feedback. Fosters a culture in which engineers leverage each other's strengths to help each other grow.**

**Is accountable for company-level development, gains understanding and cooperation from those around them, and builds trust. Builds trust with a wide range of people both inside and outside of the company and contributes to creating a strong engineering organization through recruiting and other activities.**

**Uses data and reliable facts to make decisions that positively impact the business as part of company-level development.**

### [Engineering Manager Skills]

Mentors team members and other EMs in an open and respectful manner; improves onboarding for engineers on the company level. Works to train new mentors and provides other EMs with opportunities to grow their career and learn new skills.

Connects different members and projects across the entire company to solve issues.

Designs and applies the best metrics (time/cost/effort) to guide company-wide technical decisions, bringing the most value to end users.


## Professionalism
**Promotes documentation and process standardization, information and knowledge sharing, and fosters a culture of applying these practices across the company.**
**Examples: Proposes and implements best practices for the entire company and contributes to the projects and committees related to them**

Investigates risks, coordinates with the relevant teams across the company, and takes any necessary measures. Increases awareness of risk management within the company and is recognized as a risk management expert.

**Addresses problems in company-level development projects with solutions that consider stakeholder concerns, such as by resolving conflicts between development teams. Builds mechanisms to prevent disputes between departments.**

### [Engineering Manager Skills]

Contributes to standardization of information-sharing processes and promotes knowledge sharing, to create an environment where knowledge is effectively utilized within the company.

Encourages engineers across the company to take ownership of their work.

Encourages members across the company to value different opinions and diverse ideas, and comes up with solutions incorporating the opinions of members.


## Continued Learning
**Demonstrates highly-specialized technical knowledge. Learns and applies new knowledge, such as expert-level technology and cutting-edge research, in order to enhance the value of the product and the development of the organization as a whole.**

**Encourages engineers across the company to learn and apply new knowledge outside of the scope of their role, as well as to share technical information, and acts as a role model for such sharing.**

**Acts as a role model for how to write code. Recognized by those around them as an expert in coding in certain domains.**
**Provides advice on solving coding issues and carrying out high-difficulty projects, or sets standards for procedures such as code reviews and systematic debugging.**

**Recognized as an architect and is an expert in software design. Known as an expert in programming languages, frameworks, libraries, design patterns, company's infrastructure domains, and more. Designs code for expected use cases and operation and leads design for development on a company level.**

### [Engineering Manager Skills]

Strategically manages stakeholders and deadlines to ensure time for self-improvement for engineers across the company, thereby fostering a culture of learning.

Learns and applies executive-level management skills, such as strategic planning, long-term vision setting, long-term goal setting, management of managers, and efficient coaching.

Shows strong leadership, inspiring engineers both inside and outside the company to challenge themselves and grow.


## Move Fast for Engineers
**Contributes to the formulation of company-wide technology strategies, maximizing product development speed and quality.**

**Contributes to building highly productive development processes across the company in order to improve development efficiency, such as by establishing company-wide common platform strategies.**

**Contributes to making swift technical decisions based on data and reliable facts for a positive business impact across the company.**

### [Engineering Manager Skills]

Drives initiatives to promote measures to achieve efficient development across the company.

Contributes to organizational development for continuously improving productivity across the company.

Establishes strategic decision-making mechanisms involving the entire company. Sets and utilizes optimal metrics (time, cost, effort) to guide company-wide technical decisions to deliver maximum value to customers.
